yes I'm so excited I heard we're doing
an experiment it why would you be
excited
science is stupid and boring it's
awesome good morning everyone
I got your test your Titan all right
there's your test ma'am and yours
hi all right look over your notes and
I'm going to finish preparing the
experiment can you do it for me fine
okay great be in my locker tomorrow
morning 10 minutes before the both all
my homework done okay
you
if you like stop you're hurting yeah
what are you doing I was dancing if she
danced
here's all your homework completed and
in order from your first to last period
thank you do this meaning except your
lunches no wait you said I said don't
you want to sit with us at lunch today
and then you agree to do my homework I
never said you actually could
good morning class I have some pleasant
surprise for you today we have a new
student she came here to all the way
from New York her name is Jennifer and
I'd like you to all introduce yourself
and make her feel welcome hi Jennifer
okay Wow like in the country right the
state it's like in the same country but
a different part of the country so we
the Eiffel Towers in New York why did
you do that do what invited us sit with
us at lunch but you liked her are you
kidding me of course not
I'm just making something oh thank God I
thought you would actually liked her I
mean did you see her clothes and look
like she got them from forever 91 and
did you even see her hair it's like she
just rolled out of bed all right
shouldn't look like [ __ ] any makeup on
either yeah
hi guys what do you think you're doing
here remember if you want to sit with us
you have to be two things pretty and
popular and if you haven't noticed yeah
like where did that stop come from your
mom's closet seriously just like go back
to your old school go back in the yard
have a nice day or don't don't really
care my freak
ugly nerd weirdo they did it again today
over and over and over I don't think
they'll ever stop what am I supposed to
do
the adults can't help they just don't
understand they always say the same
things
just ignore them don't worry we'll fix
it you're beautiful the way you are but
they never do anything if anything they
just send you to a doctor to talk about
your feelings it's so much harder than
it was back then
I missed those times when we were little
only a few years ago the worst thing
someone could do to you was stealing
your crayon but cut in line for the
monkey bars if someone tries to do
something it'll just get worse I know I
can't tell anyone about this if they
notice something's wrong
don't try to get involved but what can I
do but I can't keep going on like this I
have to do something they let me do this
I can't keep letting them do it
No I have to do something they are not
going to do this to me not anymore
oh it's you
yeah me hey could you doing homework
again I really really not anymore you
can't just use me I'm not just a little
puppet for you to pick up it's not my
fault that I want to do well and get
good grades you are not going to get a
free ride from an a from me and you may
think that you can get away with
anything now but just remember this when
you jump and you know what miss Maddie
you are Cosette absolutely a sec what
about Vincent
again the ritual things she's doing
yesterday was dancing who knows but it's
bothering me hey I told you yesterday
and I'll tell you again
stop no you can tell me to stop but I
will dance with or without your approval
excuse me
you heard what I said whatever you would
want to be I don't know we're gonna like
you anyways let's go
aren't you that girl who stood up for
yesterday yeah
why does they TC we're good today yep
but what you did made me realize I had
to do something and I did so I wanted to
thank you great why did you say
something anyways no one else ever has
cuz I know how it feels really a girl
like you yeah
they've always teased me about being
smart and a couple of times they've
tried to get me to do their homework and
one time I actually did what I did
something about it tonight also awesome
yeah but that wasn't the only reason I
stood up for you also I think you're a
great dancer
seriously yeah especially that last
thing you did
Hey are you okay yeah
found room that their target this will
not keep going on we have to stop this
right now yeah
hey my three favorite people look we
know what you've been doing to Jennifer
Hey look it's just a joke oh no I'm not
going to do this anymore
anybody hey we're all friends I'm
kidding no ever since I came from New
York
you've been coupled with calling me
names and even in New York I've been
bullied and I have been getting
transferred to three schools and then my
dad finally got a job out here and I'm
still getting bullied it needs to stop
yeah you're done picking on other people
well know if you ever do it again
bullying them then they're gonna tell
the principal to get in trouble
yeah I'm going to collage well do
everything with you but I don't wanna
get in trouble if you want to keep
boiling like my guys I don't care but
I'm not giving you trouble
what guys it's funny spin so funny guys
[Music]